Richard Hendriks

richard.hendriks@mail.com 

(912) 555-4321  http://richardhendricks.com

Richard hails from Tulsa. He has earned degrees from the University of Oklahoma and Stanford. (Go Sooners and
Cardinals!) Before starting Pied Piper, he worked for Hooli as a part time software developer. While his work focuses on
applied information theory, mostly optimizing lossless compression schema of both the length-limited and adaptive
variants, his non-work interests range widely, everything from quantum computing to chaos theory. He could tell you
about it, but THAT would NOT be a “length-limited” conversation!

Twitter

 neutralthoughts

 SoundCloud  dandymusicnl

SKILLS

WEB DEVELOPMENT

 HTML, CSS, Javascript

COMPRESSION

 Mpeg, MP4, GIF

EXPERIENCE

Pied Piper
CEO/President  Dec 2013 - Dec 2014

Pied Piper is a multi-platform technology based on a proprietary universal compression algorithm that has consistently
fielded high Weisman Scores™ that are not merely competitive, but approach the theoretical limit of lossless compression.

Build an algorithm for artist to detect if their music was violating copy right infringement laws
Successfully won Techcrunch Disrupt
Optimized an algorithm that holds the current world record for Weisman Scores

VOLUNTEERING

CoderDojo
Teacher 

Jan 2012 - Jan 2013

Global movement of free coding clubs for young people.

Awarded 'Teacher of the Month'

EDUCATION

University of Oklahoma
Jun 2011 - Jan 2014
Bachelor - Information Technology GPA: 4.0

AWARDS

Digital Compression Pioneer Award
undefined NaN
Techcrunch

There is no spoon.

PUBLICATIONS

Video compression for 3d media
Hooli
2014-10-01
Link

Innovative middle-out compression algorithm that changes the way we store data.

LANGUAGES

English
Native speaker

INTERESTS

Wildlife

Ferrets
Unicorns

REFERENCES

It is my pleasure to recommend Richard, his performance working as a consultant for Main St. Company
proved that he will be a valuable addition to any company.

— Erlich Bachman

